1) get the MAXs (pt. A) using the sql for the following times. Besides being triggered hourly (time variable type 1) this will also
calculate for those records that already exist in the DB.
depend on how much time it takes to you can afford to wait after the 1st peak to initiate a buy (definitely less than )

1 hr, 2 hr, 4 hr, 8 hr, 12 hr, 24 hr
2 day, 4 day, 1 wk, 2 wk, 4 wk

The time durations that are listed below (Time variable type 2)
are experimental (for testing) as of now, but when the winning pattern is determined, there would be fewer intervals, that will
be determined by the minimum amount of time taken for a peak (30 mins as of now), and the maximum time taken (150 mins) as of now.
If the min is 30 mins and the max is 150, then the intervals would be double of them - so 1 hour and 5 hours; and you can have
2, 3, 4 hours in between, You may not need the day and week intervals for knowing when to initiate a buy (but maybe needed to initiate
a buy). The logic behind doubling is that in the worst case you may miss a peak if the last duration ended at half way of a peak;
in which case you may miss the the fact that this was a peak even in the next interval. But in an interval that is double, you
won't miss the peak.

The time intervals at which these durations need to be initiated (Time variable type 1) will be determined by how much time you
can afford to wait after a peak (assuming the worst case is that you may have missed knowing a peak at the very end of the
last interval). You very likely have to first make sure that this peak is stable for a while (2 hours for e.g.). So your interval
could be slightly less than 2 hours. Regardless every 1 hour - seems to be a good interval.

2) Use an algorithm for peaks and dips (like change of 50% or more in a certain span of time like 90 mins).
3) Use an algorithm to determine the maintain Time of the peak/dip (like change in avg. price in that time is within 10%)
4) Record the time gap between the first peak/dip before the time of max (pt. A). Also record the maintain time for this peak.
Record it only if the maintain time is more than a certain time like at-least a few minutes.
Repeat this for the second peak before the max and so on.
peak/dip.
5) Repeat the above step for time after the max also.
4) To determine a pattern calculate the median of 2 things (for either side of the max)
          a) median time gap between the max and 1st peak, 2nd peak, etc.
          b) The maintain time of the 1st peak, 2nd peak, etc.


Repeat the above for mins to possibly determine the pattern for min also
